[DOP-35394] Add descendants relations to hierarchy requests (#423)
MobileTeleSystems/data-rentgen: docs/changelog/next_release/423.improvement.rst

> Improved ``/v1/jobs/hierarchy`` to return a fuller graph for deep traversals: hierarchy now aggregates dependencies level-by-level and includes all related job nodes (including lineage-inferred jobs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved ``/v1/jobs/hierarchy`` to return a deeper graph for traversals with depth>1: hierarchy now aggregates dependencies level-by-level and includes all related job nodes (including lineage-inferred jobs).
```
